Repeat jq requirement (#333)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/spacerace.md

## Accept all deals
Filter = "true"

> ## Only accept deals from the 4 competition dealbots (requires jq installed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Only accept deals from the 4 competition dealbots (requires [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/))
```

Author: This is in code-formatted text. Would you recommend the same markdown syntax or just plain link?

Reviewer: Ooops, my bad. Didn't expand the code in GitHub ^^. Just saw `##` and assumed it was markdown.
